Please read this Service Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement") carefully and ensure that you fully understand all terms and conditions herein. Please carefully read and choose whether to accept or reject this Agreement. Unless you accept all terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are not authorized to use the services covered by this Agreement. Your use of the Services will be deemed as acceptance of this Agreement and agreement to be bound by all terms and conditions herein. This Agreement sets out the rights and obligations between us and users regarding the App software service (hereinafter referred to as the "Service"). Users are individuals or organizations that use the Services. This Agreement may be updated by us at any time. Once updated, the updated terms will supersede the original terms and conditions without further notice. Users can review the latest version of the Agreement within the App. If you do not accept the revised terms and conditions after the revised terms and conditions are updated, please immediately cease using the Services. Your continued use of the Services will be deemed as acceptance of the revised Agreement.

I. Account Registration

1. Users do not need to register an App account before using the Services; they can directly use their Apple account.

II. Protection of User Personal Privacy

1. If we discover or receive reports or complaints alleging violations of this Agreement, we reserve the right to review and delete relevant content, including but not limited to user profiles and posting history, at any time without prior notice. Depending on the severity of the violation, we may impose penalties, including but not limited to warnings, account bans, device bans, and feature bans on the offending account, and notify the user of the outcome.

2. Users who have been banned for violating this User Agreement may contact us. Banned features will automatically be restored after the ban period expires. Banned users may submit an appeal, which we will review and, in our sole discretion, decide whether to modify the penalty.

3. Users understand and agree that we reserve the right, in our reasonable discretion, to impose penalties for violations of relevant laws and regulations or this Agreement, take appropriate legal action against any user found to be violating the law, and preserve relevant information and report it to relevant authorities in accordance with laws and regulations. Users shall bear all legal liability arising therefrom.

4. The user understands and agrees that the user shall indemnify us and our partners and affiliates and hold them harmless from any claims, demands or losses, including reasonable attorney fees, asserted by any third party resulting from or arising from the user's violation of this Agreement.

III. User Content Standards

(1) Opposing the basic principles established by the Constitution;

(2) Endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting the state power, and undermining national unity;

(3) Damaging national honor and interests;

(4) Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining national unity;

(5) Undermining national religious policies, promoting cults and feudal superstitions;

(6) Spreading rumors, disrupting social order, and undermining social stability;

(7) Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror, or instigating crimes;

(8) Insulting or slandering others, infringing upon the legitimate rights and interests of others;

(9) Containing other information prohibited by laws and administrative regulations. 3. Users may not use this App account or this service to create, upload, copy, publish, or disseminate the following content that interferes with the normal operation of this App and infringes upon the legal rights of other users or third parties:

(1) Contains any sexual or sexually suggestive content;

(2) Contains insulting, intimidating, or threatening content;

(3) Contains harassing, spammy, malicious, or deceptive information;

(4) Involves the privacy, personal information, or data of others;

(5) Infringes upon the legal rights of others, such as reputation, portrait, intellectual property, or trade secrets;

(6) Contains other content that interferes with the normal operation of this service and infringes upon the legal rights of other users or third parties.

IV. Usage Rules

1. Any content transmitted or published by users in or through this service does not reflect or represent, nor shall it be deemed to reflect or represent, our views, positions, or policies, and we do not assume any responsibility for this.

2. Users may not use this App account or this service to conduct the following activities:

(1) Submit or publish false information, or steal other people's profile pictures or information, impersonate or use other people's names;

(2) Force or induce other users to follow, click on linked pages or share information;

(3) Fabricate facts or conceal the truth to mislead or deceive others;

(4) Use technical means to create fake accounts in batches;

(5) Use this App account or this service to engage in any illegal or criminal activities;

(6) Create or publish methods or tools related to the above activities, or operate or disseminate such methods or tools, regardless of whether these activities are for commercial purposes;

(7) Other activities that violate laws and regulations, infringe on the legitimate rights and interests of other users, interfere with the normal operation of this App, or are not expressly authorized by us.

3. Users are fully responsible for the authenticity, legality, harmlessness, accuracy, and effectiveness of the information transmitted using this App account or this service. Any legal liability related to the information disseminated by users shall be borne by the users themselves and has nothing to do with us. If any damage is caused to us or a third party as a result of this, the user shall compensate us according to law.

4. The services we provide may include advertisements. Users consent to the display of advertisements provided by us, third-party suppliers, and partners during use. Except as expressly provided by laws and regulations, users are solely responsible for transactions conducted based on such advertising information. We assume no liability for any losses or damages incurred by users as a result of transactions based on such advertising information or content provided by the aforementioned advertisers.

V. Auto-Subscription Service Description

1. Subscription Service:
VIP Continuous Monthly Subscription (1 month), VIP Continuous Annual Subscription (12 months)

2. Subscription Price:
VIP Continuous Monthly Subscription: 10 RMB/month, 100 RMB/year

3. Payment: After the user confirms the purchase and payment is charged to the iTunes account

4. Auto-Renewal: Your iTunes account will be charged 24 hours prior to the expiration date. Once the payment is successfully debited, the subscription period will be extended for one subscription period.

5. Turning Off the Service: You can manage the auto-subscription service by going to "Settings" on your iPhone, then "iTunes Store & App Store," then "Apple ID," selecting "View Apple ID," then "Account Settings," and clicking "Turn Off." You can cancel the auto-subscription service 24 hours before the end of each billing cycle. If you need to cancel, you can do so 24 hours before the end of each billing cycle. No further charges will be made 24 hours before the expiration date.

6. Service Agreement: https://github.com/Yvent/QuickScan.GitHub.io/blob/main/TermsofUse

7. Privacy Policy: https://github.com/Yvent/QuickScan.GitHub.io/blob/main/PrivacyPolicy

Developer contact: yvente@163.com
